update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-assign-popupmenu-to-dropdownbutton: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E424)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# PopupMenu for Windows Forms - How to show a PopupMenu as a DropDownButton control's dropdown

> The [DropDownButton](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.DropDownButton) control is a button with an associated popup control. This example demonstrates how to assign a [PopupMenu](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraBars.PopupMenu) to a [DropDownButton](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.DropDownButton) control at design time and runtime. 

Author: ```suggestion
The [DropDownButton](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.DropDownButton) control is a button with an associated popup control. 
```

> The [DropDownButton.DropDownControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.DropDownButton.DropDownControl) property is used for this purpose.

Reviewer: Is it possible to combine this sentence with the preceding sentence (and switch the sentence to the active voice as well)? For example, is the following technically correct?

`This example uses the [DropDownButton.DropDownControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.DropDownButton.DropDownControl) property to assign a [PopupMenu](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraBars.PopupMenu) to a [DropDownButton](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.DropDownButton) control at design time and runtime.`

Author: ```suggestion
This example uses the [DropDownButton.DropDownControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.DropDownButton.DropDownControl) property to assign a [PopupMenu](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraBars.PopupMenu) to a [DropDownButton](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.DropDownButton) control at design time and runtime.
```
